[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Andrea Perron is with us
once again to finish our
trilogy of conversations
based on her trilogy of
books, "House of Darkness,
House of Light."
Andrea and her
family experienced
what's considered to be one
of the most dramatic examples
of harassment by
disincarnate entities,
or ghosts, ever recorded.
Today, we'll talk
about the aftereffects
and how people live their
lives after such a trauma.
And I have a funny little thing.
OK, so when I saw
you the first time,
six to eight weeks ago,
when we did our very few
first interview, I
met you to pick up
a copy of one of your
books in your hotel room
at the Boulderado, which is
known to be haunted, right?
And you didn't
know that, I think,
when you first checked in.
But you figured it
out, and you said to me
I asked them for the
most haunted room.
And I thought after
reading that, why?
So why is it you love haunted
houses and haunted rooms?
>>ANDREA PERRON: I can visit
with the spirits with ease.
Now, they don't come
when called all the time.
Neither does anything else.
Our friends above, they seem to
exercise their own free will.
And yet if I put myself
in an environment
where I know that
they're around and about,
it's very easy for me to
communicate with them.
And I think that helps
keep the channel open.
And I know that it always is.
I lecture all over the country,
and I upset some people
in the paranormal because
they're all into ooh,
the veil is thinning.
The veil is thinning.
It's the paradigm shift.
It's the ascension.
I'm like, there's no veil.
There is no veil.
That is something that
we create so that we
feel comfortable living
in a three dimensional
five sensory universe-- world.
But we actually live
in a multi-dimensional,
multi-sensory universe.
>>REGINA: Well, and
certainly you have
and your family has been very
well aware of that, I mean,
from bizarre things
happening, oftentimes even
comical-- things like
you're playing the piano
and someone who you
can't see is turning
the pages of the music for you.
I mean, it comes
down to something
as simple as that to some
really horrific things as well.
You are steeped in this
multi-dimensional universe.
And I want to go back.
We mentioned it in
the last interview
and did not pick up on it then.
And that has to do with
the night of the seance
and what happened.
And we're going to get out
of the gore of all this
and work our way toward much
larger themes and messages.
So I'm not going to punish
you for an hour with more
phenomena.
There's too much to
even begin to get into.
>>PERRON: That was the most
intense experience of my life.
I wasn't supposed to be there.
I wasn't supposed to witness it.
>>REGINA: Set up the
whole situation for us.
>>PERRON: The Warrens called
on a Friday afternoon.
>>REGINA: And again
to refresh people,
the Warrens were the UFO
paranormal investigators.
They had deeply
Catholic backgrounds.
>>PERRON: Yes, they did.
In the film it was portrayed
as the devout, Catholic Warrens
and the godless,
heathen Perrons.
>>REGINA: You were
all Catholics too.
>>PERRON: We were all Catholic.
My father was an altar boy,
grew up in Catholic school.
We were all baptized.
>>REGINA: So all
of you had that.
>>PERRON: Yes, I understand
why they did what they
did to create that dichotomy.
>>REGINA: In "The Conjuring."
>>PERRON: Yes, but it
really wasn't accurate.
>>REGINA: So who
called the seance?
>>PERRON: Ed and Lorraine
Warren called my mother
on a Friday afternoon.
My dad was supposed to be
arriving home that night,
and they said could we come?
And she's like, ugh,
Roger's coming home.
And they said no, he
needs to be there.
And they were insistent.
Lorraine was insistent,
and she could be that way.
And so they didn't
tell her anything
other than that
they were coming.
And when my father came home,
we were having dinner together
and Mom said to Dad the Warrens
are coming this evening.
Well, he threw a fit.
He said you know I
don't want any company.
Well, it was before
the days of cellphones.
They were already on
their way driving in
from Monroe, Connecticut.
>>REGINA: Did he not
care for the Warrens?
>>PERRON: He did not
care for them at all.
He considered them--
>>REGINA: He was still
having a hard time
contending that
this was even real,
no less people were
coming to examine it.
>>PERRON: Right. because
it was pretty early on.
It was 1973.
Actually, by that
time it was '74,
and it was in the summer of '74.
I think it was in
July or August.
I remember it was quite warm.
And my mother immediately
told all of us
to find a friend to spend the
night with because my father
was so aggravated that they
were coming that she didn't
want there to be a scene.
She had no idea
what their plan was.
They did not
divulge that to her.
When they came, they
came with a caravan.
They had a priest, a
medium, a technical crew.
>>REGINA: Well, that
showed up in the film
that they had brought people
along with them, right?
>>PERRON: Yes, only it
was a lot more people.
And in the film, they had,
I guess, the validation
of having a police
officer with them.
Uh-uh.
No, no.
And I'll explain
that in a little bit.
Well, my father hit the roof.
Nancy was the only one
that made the great escape.
She went over to Katie's house.
We all tried to find somebody
to go spend the night with.
And it was a Friday
night and was
nobody was available so
four of the five of us
were in the house that night.
Nothing should have
happened in that house
with us being in there.
They came in.
They had a medium.
Her name was Mary
Pastorella, I believe
was her last name, and
a priest-- lovely man,
truly lovely.
They had a young woman who was
running the reel to reel tape.
They had all state of the
art humongous cameras, just
gigantic cameras, tripods--
all kinds of things.
Well, when my father
saw the caravan show up,
he just went ballistic.
And Lorraine came in the
house, and she really
made matters worse
because she said,
if you care about your
wife, if you love your wife,
you will let this go on.
You're losing her,
don't you understand?
She's being taken from you
and we have to stop this now.
It took Ed about 45 minutes
in private conversation
to convince my father.
>>REGINA: Couldn't he
see your mother's life
was slipping away?
>>PERRON: He could.
He could, but he blamed her.
He blamed her.
>>REGINA: Just
thought she was nutty,
and she was frightened,
and making stuff up.
>>PERRON: I don't
know what he thought.
I think he was just so
afraid to actually believe
the truth that he had to play
the blame game, you know?
And she was the
recipient of his blame.
>>REGINA: So after 45
minutes, they convinced him.
>>PERRON: They convinced him.
We were all told to go upstairs.
We didn't stay upstairs.
Cindy and I-- Christine
went and hid in her room,
in the middle room, and
she heard everything
because what was happening
was right below her.
She was in the center bedroom.
She pretended like
she was asleep,
but that was one of
the most traumatizing
events of her life.
April was still
young, very young.
>>REGINA: And you were
always, all of you,
were trying to protect April.
>>PERRON: We were
trying to protect April.
And we didn't know what to
make of-- my mother started
shutting down as soon as
they came in the house.
And I don't know
if she shut down
because of the incredibly
negative energy that
was emanating from my father,
or if something else was
taking control.
And that's plausible.
But she was sitting
in the corner chair,
just her eyes closed and her
head just started going down.
It was almost like she was
caving into her own body.
They gathered around the table.
The medium pulled
out a little pouch
of her accoutrement--
candles, you
know, all the
stereotypical stuff
that you think around a
seance-- no Ouija board.
Mrs. Warren would not allow
Ouija boards or their usage.
She uses them now, but she
wouldn't use them then.
And they dimmed the lights.
There were people walking
all over the place taking
photographs.
They had set up all the
camera equipment in the cellar
and then come back
up, and they were
taking photographs, the two
men that were the tech crew.
And then the woman was
running the reel to reel.
She was a young woman,
like an apprentice.
It didn't take long.
As soon as Mary began
to conjure the spirits,
she committed what I consider
to be spiritual malpractice.
She threw open wide the doors
and invited them all in.
And what came in--
this was not possession
as it was represented
in the film.
This was attack.
And I don't know if it
was demonic nature, if it
was extraterrestrial in nature.
I still don't know.
I don't know what a demon is.
I've never seen a demon.
I don't know.
Something attacked my mother.
The first thing that happened
was the 200 pound solid rock
maple table began to
lift off the floor.
My father was freaking out.
He just didn't want
any part of it.
He didn't want to hold
hands with anybody.
He didn't want to make a
connection with anybody.
He didn't want to be there.
And the table lifted
I'd say probably
about that much off the floor.
>>REGINA: Three or
four inches, yeah?
>>PERRON: Mhm.
No more than that.
And then all of a sudden,
it was as if the hand of God
slammed down on that
table, and it hit the floor
so hard that it left
imprints in the wood floor.
And then something
came into my mother.
I will do my best to
express this to you.
Just stay right with me.
This is hard.
Something came into her.
She was sitting in
a captain's chair.
One of the two head
of the table chairs.
It had to weigh 40 pounds
if it weighed and ounce.
And she was sitting in the
chair, and her head was down.
She was slumped over.
And her head started to lift up.
And she started to moan.
And she was in pain.
Cindy and I are standing,
hiding in the front hallway.
There's about that
much of a gap,
but we can see everything
that's going on and hiding.
And I'm holding Cindy
in my arms close to me.
And my mother started to make
these horrific sounds, just
pain.
It was pain.
And then her body started to
draw up into a ball in ways
that a human body does not bend.
You would expect to hear
the sound of bones snapping.
And then she started to growl.
And then she started to
speak in a language that
is not of this Earth.
It was beyond an
archaic language.
It was from a being that I don't
know ever walked this Earth.
But whatever it
was came into her
and started speaking to
everyone in the room.
Mrs. Warren was shocked
out of her mind.
Ed didn't know
what to make of it.
The medium was rocking
back and forth,
just rocking almost like she
was caught in a whirlwind that
kept pulling her.
And she's talking and saying no.
Speak your piece.
Why are you here?
What have you come to say?
And my mom started screaming,
screaming in agony.
And then the chair began
to lift up off the floor.
And when what is about a foot
off the floor, perhaps more,
in a split second, in
a fraction of a second,
she was thrown in the
chair from the dining room
20 feet into the
adjacent parlor.
I heard her skull hit the floor.
And I thought I
saw my mother die.
Whatever it was
had all the power
it could ever need
to claim her life.
That wasn't its intention.
Its intention was to
make its presence known
to everyone else in that house.
>>REGINA: Could it, do you
think, have been in part maybe
even to show your
father once and for all?
Now do you get it?
>>PERRON: Perhaps.
Perhaps so, but my
impression of it-- well,
Cindy was collapsing in my arms.
And I was so afraid to
drop her because she
was becoming dead weight.
And if she fell forward,
we both would have gone
through the dining room door.
And we work terrified
of what my father would
do if that happened.
So not only were we out of
our minds in terror about what
was actually happening, we
were afraid to be discovered.
My father leapt up from the
table to rush to my mother.
Ed Warren stopped him,
tried to stop him,
and my father turned around
and punched his lights out.
I mean, coldcocked him,
took the man to the floor.
And I know for a fact he broke
his nose because at 2 o'clock
that morning I was
cleaning the blood up off
of the wood with
peroxide, trying
to preserve the wood floors.
I was wide awake.
There was no
sleeping that night,
so I had to do something.
It took about 45 minutes
for my mother to come back.
It was before the days of 9/11.
Believe me when I tell you I
wanted to call and get someone
there to help my
mother, but Mrs. Warren
made it very clear
that no one would
be calling for help, that they
would handle this internally
in house, as it were.
>>REGINA: Interesting they felt
powerful enough to do that.
>>PERRON: Yes.
And my father wouldn't
leave my mother's side
because he was monitoring
her vital signs.
After a few minutes, we realized
that she was still with us,
but she was unconscious.
And it did take about-- Dad
thinks it took about an hour,
but my recollection
was more like a half
hour, 45 minutes
to bring her back
in the interim in some
incredibly colorful language.
My father was livid,
out of his mind,
and he insisted that the
Warrens leave and they
take their entourage with them.
Mrs. Warren told
the photographers
to go down into the cellar
and gather their equipment.
And when they got
down there, they
found that their
tripods, their cameras,
all their electronic
equipment had
been smashed to smithereens
on the walls, the granite
walls of the basement.
Everything was in pieces,
hundreds if not thousands
of pieces.
Those two grown men
came up those stairs
very quickly sobbing.
It was a total loss for them.
They left the house.
They went and stayed out
in the van and waited.
The young lady gathered
up the reel to reel.
She had played it back.
There was no noise on it at all.
You know how you twist
it back and play it back?
There was nothing.
Nothing was caught on tape.
Nothing was caught
on film-- nothing.
It wasn't supposed to be.
She gathered her stuff
and went outside.
Mary Pastorella refused to
leave my mother's side no matter
how much my father screamed.
I thought the priest was
going to just collapse.
I mean, he was as white as
the sheets in front of you.
He was trembling
from head to toe.
He was a very tall, lean
man, and he was just
hiding in the corner, just
literally trying to get small
and just watching, overseeing
everything as an observer
himself.
Ed Warren, after my father
punched him, he came through.
He was going to go through
to go to the bathroom
and walked right into
Cindy and myself.
And I remember he was a big
man, and he just took his arms
and just embraced
both of us at once
and said he was so
sorry, so sorry.
And girls, I want
you to go upstairs.
And I said, Cindy, let's go.
Well, what did we do?
We went upstairs
into Nancy's room,
cut through the entire
top of the house,
came back down the other
stairway where we found
April, who was watching
everything from there.
>>REGINA: And how old
was she by this time?
>>PERRON: Seven.
>>REGINA: Seven?
She was still very young, yes.
>>PERRON: Eight.
She was eight.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>PERRON: She was
completely traumatized.
Cindy was traumatized.
Christine, I knew
she wasn't asleep
because I could literally
see the quilt quivering
with her body beneath it.
>>REGINA: When your
mother came back around,
did she have any understanding,
any recollection?
Was there anything she had
to say at all about what
had happened to her?
>>REGINA: This is one of
the most unfortunate things.
My father did expel the
Warrens from the house.
They did leave.
They took everything that
they had and they left.
And my father
lifted my mother up,
and he put her over
on the long sofa.
While he was doing
that, April snuck down
and curled into a ball on
the loveseat under a blanket
and tried to hide so that--
she was so afraid for Mom.
We all were.
And when my mother
finally came around
and was able to lift her
own body up off the sofa,
she didn't understand
and knew nothing,
had no recollection of
anything that had happened.
All she knew was that her
whole body was in pain.
A huge welt on the
back of her head-- I'm
sure she had a concussion.
And that's when my
father verbally attacked
her and blamed her
for letting them come.
Said that she was
a witch, that she
was the one that had attracted
all of this into the house,
that this was all on her.
And mom had gone
over to-- her body
was so cold she was shaking.
And she went and stood in
front of the fireplace.
And it was summer,
but it was almost
like standing in front
of the fireplace,
even though it
was no fire in it,
somehow she would be warmer?
If that makes any sense.
>>REGINA: Seems
like the fireplace
was her refuge because your
house was so cold all the time.
>>PERRON: Mhm.
It was.
And that was a very active
hot spot, no pun intended.
And my father was
just railing on her.
And she looked over and
saw April was on the sofa.
And he turned around,
realized that he
was behaving this way right
in front of his baby girl.
So he turned around
and attacked her
and started screaming
at her about
what the hell are
you doing down here?
Get your ass upstairs.
Ugly, ugly, ugly,
mean, horrible,
mean spirited in every way.
That was the worst
night of my life.
>>REGINA: I don't think
it is a stretch for anyone
to believe that.
And you know, it took you
30 years, more than 30 years
to talk about it.
And people see you and
they see how-- wow.
She's a firecracker.
She's a strong woman.
These beings follow her around,
as we've talked about before.
And you've had contact from ETs.
You've been through it all.
But anyone seeing you as
you're talking about this
and recalling it, you hold a
tremendous amount of trauma
still in your being
on some level.
It's still coming out your eyes.
Tell us what happened
in those intervening 30,
40 years before you
finally wrote the books
and you were nudged, and how
you were nudged to do it.
And you didn't do this in
those intervening years,
and nor did your sisters.
And I asked you if I could
have a little interview
with your mother, and
she said no, uh-uh.
We don't do that now.
What happened during all
those quiet years that
would've assisted you
or not, all of you,
to integrate this stuff
and somehow at least
distant you from all the trauma?
>>PERRON: I discovered in
writing the books that I
had a great deal of help.
They all came around me
and gathered around me.
There were nights that
I was working late 2, 3,
4 o'clock in the
morning, and the tears
would be flowing-- just
flowing down my face,
and I felt free to do
that because my mom wasn't
up to see it.
It would have upset her.
Christine wasn't up to see it.
So I just let it out.
And there were times I
literally pushed myself away
from the desk and
said I can't do this.
Whatever made me
think I could do this?
>>REGINA: To recall in
such detail all of it?
You had to be reliving it.
>>PERRON: It was branded in--
>>REGINA: You can tell
when you were writing this,
you were reliving it.
>>PERRON: It was
branded in my brain.
>>REGINA: So what
happened those 30 years?
What happened to you?
Where did you go?
What happened?
What happened to your sisters?
How did you each contend
with such a severe degree
of bizarre trauma, trauma
you couldn't really even talk
to other people about?
>>PERRON: No, we couldn't.
In fact, in volume three, I go
into great detail about that.
It was very traumatizing
to leave the farm.
It fractured our family.
It's the only place that
I have ever felt at home,
that I belonged.
>>REGINA: I know
people hear this
and they say, why didn't you
leave the first six months?
>>PERRON: I know.
>>REGINA: We talked
about that in part one.
>>PERRON: Yes, we did.
>>REGINA: There were
a lot of real estate
and monetary things.
You guys couldn't
get out of there.
You would never be able to
sell the place for what--
>>PERRON: No, but the real
answer to that question,
the significant
profound answer is
that whatever
conspired to bring us
there likewise conspired to
keep us there until we learned
our lessons well, until we
understood that with darkness
comes light, and that they are
the source of enlightenment.
>>REGINA: Your mother
said we've gotta get out
of this godforsaken place.
She begged your dad what we
do to get rid of this place
and get the girls out?
And each time, the girls, they
would say this is our home.
We love it here!
>>PERRON: But we didn't know.
>>REGINA: Is it some kind
of Stockholm Syndrome?
>>PERRON: No, it wasn't that.
We really, truly
felt at home there.
And what was happening
to us was not
anywhere near as severe as what
was happening to my mother,
and of course she
was not sharing that.
So we didn't know how the
extent of how bad it was.
I was the only that did.
And I told my mother a long
time ago when I was quite young,
no matter where you
go, I will follow you.
I will be with you,
whatever it is.
But it really did
fracture our family.
When my mother went to my father
in the spring of '79 and said
I won't survive another
winter in this house,
and he believed her.
>>REGINA: He finally got it.
>>PERRON: He finally got it.
And they put it on
the market where
it languished for six months,
not a single call, not
a single showing-- nothing.
And finally out of
just sheer frustration,
he went to the abutting
landowners in Massachusetts--
because we had 60 acres
of land in Mass, too--
and cut them the sweetest
deal you can imagine.
>>REGINA: Mister-- what was
the name of the man that
owned the house before you?
>>PERRON: Mr. Kenyon.
>>REGINA: Mr. Kenyon didn't
disclose any anomalies
to your family.
>>PERRON: Right.
>>REGINA: You got to
find out on your own.
And did your family disclose
the anomalies to the new buyers?
>>PERRON: Everybody in
the area knew by then.
>>REGINA: OK, and who--
>>PERRON: But they lived
in a haunted house too.
In fact, every house in
that area was haunted.
>>REGINA: OK, so they
were accustomed to it.
It's like, hey, sweet
deal, lots of land.
They can deal with the spooks.
>>PERRON: Right, and they had
no idea how severe things were.
They just knew that the
word was the parents
are in the old Arnold
Estate, and the Arnold Estate
is haunted.
But they had no
idea how severely--
>>REGINA: How long
did they stay there?
I mean, what happened?
>>PERRON: Well,
actually, the reason
that it fractured
our family-- we never
lived under the same
roof again because when
my father sold the property
to them, my parents did,
we bought a farm in Georgia.
And I graduated from
college, came home,
was home like two weeks.
And then Cindy had already left.
She was already
gone with the horses
and setting up the new
house in Salacoa Valley
in Cherokee County, Georgia.
So Nancy was still
there, and Nancy
had gone over to the
new owners and said
I know you want to restore the
house to its colonial time.
I'll stay on as the
caretaker for free.
Nancy was devastated.
I mean, to this day, has
not forgiven my mother--
>>REGINA: For
selling that house.
>>PERRON: For
>>REGINA: That's such
a bizarre dynamic.
>>PERRON: I know, but
it got even stranger.
Because her boyfriend, Eddie
Richardson, when we left,
he moved in.
And every time he
came to the house,
it always got very active.
But it was his
great-great grandfather
that built the house.
He was of direct lineage
of the man who built it.
And it was always active
when Eddie was there,
and he took no
mind to it at all.
In fact, that's where
Bathsheba's curse started,
that phrase.
It wasn't Bathsheba.
She copped all the blame
because Mrs. Warren
said it was Bathsheba.
It wasn't her.
Not that she was always
pleasant, but she wasn't evil.
After Eddie moved into the house
with Nancy, everything changed.
We were gone.
We loved Eddie-- loved him.
He was a member of our family.
We were certain that
they would get married.
He became extremely
abusive to her.
Had never been unkind.
>>REGINA: His
personality changed?
>>PERRON: Completely.
As did my father's.
He got involved in
drinking heavily.
Things got out of control.
Nancy didn't even let us know.
We were 1,200 miles away.
She didn't even let us
know for a couple of months
how bad things had gotten.
She ended the relationship
and told him he had to leave.
And she stayed in
the house alone.
>>REGINA: Geez,
that's a brave girl.
>>PERRON: And not
long thereafter, Eddie
went up into the woods and
he shot himself in the heart.
And he didn't do it right, and
it took a while for him to die.
>>REGINA: That's
Bathsheba's curse.
>>PERRON: And it devastated--
it devastated our family.
It wasn't her.
>>REGINA: No, but
somebody, some being--
>>PERRON: It was
one more person.
You know, there's a chapter
called Escaping Unscathed?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>PERRON: There was
no escaping unscathed.
Meanwhile, we're
all down in Georgia.
And we thought that's it.
We're away from the house now.
We didn't realize that
some profound attachments
had been formed.
And Mrs. Warren called after.
It had been seven years
since we'd heard from her.
And I was in the house with
my mother down in the valley
in Georgia the day
that she called.
And I looked at my mother's face
when she answered the phone.
I knew it was a
voice she recognized.
And she said how
did you find me?
And it was of course way
before the days of Google.
And I never got the answer
to that, but she found us.
And she offered what
was a boatload of money
at the time for us
to tell our story.
She wanted to connect my mother
with a ghost writer, which
I find--
>>REGINA: No pun intended.
>>PERRON: I love that phrase.
And really, I mean
life changing,
life altering money to write
a book and make a film.
And my mother
immediately started
backing away from the phone
that she still had in her hand.
And she said no, no, no.
And Lorraine said you
have to at least discuss
this with your husband
and your family.
And she said OK, I will.
I will.
And that night, she was attacked
in the cellar of the new house.
>>REGINA: Oh, goodness.
OK.
>>PERRON: And that's a
big part of volume three.
I don't want to divulge too much
about that, because it's really
almost the kind of thing
you need to read slowly
to assimilate it.
But the answer was no.
Go away.
>>REGINA: It was until you
really came around and enough
had healed, enough
time had passed.
And one of the anomalies
that happened in the house--
and because all of us have
experienced some of this
to some extent, I think we
just don't know what it is.
There were times when you
would have the whole contingent
of them show up and your
electricity bill would almost
quadruple overnight.
>>PERRON: Oh, it
did more than that.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: And they
were interesting.
As I was reading that,
I was thinking about it.
It's an electrical universe--
the brain is electromagnetic.
The body's running on
electrical circuitriess--
into the other dimensions.
And I remember, I
flashed back on something
Patrick Flanagan had told me.
I asked him one time--
because no one really
explains what is electricity,
just how it works.
And I said, Patrick,
what's electricity?
And he said well, that's simple.
It's the flow of electrons from
a higher potential to a lower
potential.
And I remembered that, and I
was thinking that here you're
talking about these phased
off, less dense frequencies.
And they're pulling
on electrical forces
within the third dimension to
manifest these bizarre things
into the third dimension.
And so as you said, you were
the batteries, the girls.
Everyone was drained afterward.
So these beings use our energy
and the available electrical
forces--
>>PERRON: Whatever's available.
>>REGINA: To manifest through
an electrical mechanism
into this dimension.
And so I told you
off camera there
was an event that I had
when I was 35 years old.
I was already into all all this.
I meditated a little.
I was comfortable
with everything.
Laid down to take a little
nap before I went out
for a dinner for
my 35th birthday.
And I start feeling as
if someone was rubbing
my hand, massaging my hand.
And I thought, oh,
whoever you are, hi.
It's my birthday.
Didn't think much of it.
And then I felt a
tingling, and then I
felt a tingling in my feet.
And I didn't think
too much more of it.
I thought this is
a lot of tingling.
And by the time--
I couldn't sleep.
By the time I got up
about a half hour later,
I literally fell
flat on the floor.
I had no energy
in my body at all.
So I talked to a respected
being about this.
And I said what
happened on my birthday?
And they said, did
you try to stop it?
And I said no.
I was just curious.
They said then was
there any wrong done?
He said this happens with people
all the time out of curiosity,
non-observance,
ignorance, or whatever.
In your case, you just let 'em.
He said we're all
bathed in a sea of this,
and beings are surrounding
us all the time.
And if you have high
wattage, like you
do, like members of your
family did, like I do,
beings like that.
Because they're just
observing and feeding off
of it if you give it to them.
>>PERRON: Right.
>>REGINA: And on some level,
without permission, your family
was giving them massive amounts
of their electrical field.
>>PERRON: We were,
unbeknownst to us.
>>REGINA: And that's why
everyone collapsed at the end
these events and would
have to sleep for 24,
46 hours or whatever, 36 hours.
>>PERRON: We'd be outside
having a game of softball.
Everybody was just so
high energy and so happy
as a family.
Or we'd be out sledding
down the power lines.
And everyone, my father
included, happy, light love.
And we'd walked into the house
and it was like being slammed.
>>REGINA: Your batteries
were literally drained.
Talk about this for
the rest of humanity.
You walk in certain places.
There are positive and
negative little vortexes
of all over the planet.
>>PERRON: All over.
>>REGINA: Foot by foot,
you can go to a positive
into a negative zone where
you're totally drained.
What can you share
with us about that
when we're experiencing this
sudden drain in our energy
field, all of us?
>>PERRON: Generally,
the best thing
to do if you're in a situation
like that where you feel
like you're being tapped
into is to simply--
and you don't even
have to verbalize it.
You can just simply say
no, this is my energy.
I'm not willing to share this.
Seek it elsewhere.
And generally, whatever it is
that's tapping in will-- not
always.
>>REGINA: Not always.
There are some abusive types.
But also even land.
There are masses
of land you go to,
and you described your
farmhouse as a portal
of sorts that really allowed one
to move beyond time and space.
Past, present, and future
were one, all of these events,
as you explained it
in that stunning story
at the end of our
second conversation.
So maybe it's just an
alertness in our in mind
to start tapping in?
Ah, I felt good over there.
Why don't I feel
good right here?
And then just move on.
>>PERRON: Exactly.
And with awareness comes
enlightenment-- with awareness.
And I write in the books that
the spirits are the source
of our enlightenment.
What is extra dimensional to us,
which is actually all the same.
I believe that all
of the dimensions--
that we live in a
multi-dimensional universe,
that everything is correlated.
It's integrated.
If everything is one
thing, then there
is some correlation between
extraterrestrial and spiritual
experiences.
I have yet to come to grips
with exactly what that is.
That's what I'm working
toward, but I'll
tell you an answer to your
question that you posed first.
My mother says I traverse
the stream of consciousness,
but I only have one oar.
And therefore I come full
circle at some point,
and this is the full circle.
It took 30 years
to tell our story.
I always knew I would
be the one to do it.
Everybody in my family knew
I would be the one to do it.
This isn't a series
of scary stories.
This is a spiritual journey.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: When you're
done with these books,
you feel like you
lived there with us.
It changes the way you think
and feel about everything.
I think I'm the only
author on the planet that
goes around and warns
people off of my books.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you don't
want to take it on lightly.
>>PERRON: No, I want
them to be prepared.
If they're not prepared--
because they're
going to get way more
than they expect.
And if they're not
prepared, I want
them to wait until they
are in the same way
that I waited to
write these books.
For 30 years, I did all
kinds of other things.
I was a therapeutic
counselor for a decade.
Worked with children,
developmentally disabled
adults, behaviorally
disordered children.
I had a restaurant.
I had a jewelry business.
I wore so many different hats.
I learned, and learned,
and learned, and blocked.
There was so much
happening to me.
I was so integrated with spirit
that it was just natural.
It wasn't supernatural.
No, I tell folks we moved into
that house as a normal family,
and we left 10 years later as
a supremely paranormal family.
Even my father has regular
incidents, regular,
and especially extraterrestrial
stuff going on with my dad.
>>REGINA: Now he does?
>>PERRON: Mhm.
>>REGINA: The one
who tried to run?
>>PERRON: Yes.
Yeah, well, they're
getting him back for me.
I love him dearly, but
he still makes me crazy.
>>REGINA: So now he
has constant visitors.
He's not left alone.
>>PERRON: And you know
Florida's a hot bed.
And he's in Winter
Garden, Florida.
And it's a very active area.
So yeah, I think he's the
point of attraction, actually.
But the thing is that the
world had to be ready for this.
The world had to
get ready for this.
It had to mature spiritually.
And the thing that I really
want to address with people
is that we are in the
midst of a paradigm shift.
It's not something
that's coming.
It's something that is.
>>REGINA: Yes, and we have
to be able to acknowledge
this in all facets.
Because one thing, we've
always had a fascination
with fright stories.
Human beings are addicted to
a certain amount of gross.
>>PERRON: Yeah, the adrenaline.
>>REGINA: Intense emotions
and the adrenaline.
And so it's not as though
people wouldn't go see something
like "The Conjuring" easily.
I mean, especially
when we're young.
Teenagers in particular
love this kind of stuff.
But you're bringing this to our
attention on a holistic level,
as spiritual beings and
looking at the complexity
because the reality is most
of the beings in that house
were benign.
>>PERRON: Yes, they were.
>>REGINA: Even friendly.
>>PERRON: Yes, benevolent.
>>REGINA: April had a
little-- benevolent.
April had a little friend,
whoever turned your pages when
you were playing the piano.
I mean, this is a part of
the reality that has not
been focused as much on,
certainly in the depictions
in "The Conjuring" and such.
But it's showing us
this rich tapestry
of unseen energies
around us all the time.
And that includes the potential,
like in our world, for abuse.
Abuse, yeah.
And I do want you get to what
you just started, by the way,
about the messages
of the future.
Because through these
years of contact,
you've been shown
things again and again,
and they're very
consistent with what
had been shown to other
people I've interviewed.
>>PERRON: I have, and some
of it's a little frightening.
And I will say that.
Well, Paul Hellyer's another one
who has divulged a great deal,
but there are some things
he's still withholding.
>>REGINA: Please,
explain for people
who don't know who Paul is.
Explain who Paul is.
>>PERRON: Paul Hellyer
is the former Defense
Minister of Canada, the right
and honorable Paul Hellyer.
There could be no better
title for this fine man.
And at 89 years old,
he decided that it
was time to tell the truth.
>>REGINA: He's writing a
book right now about it.
>>PERRON: He is.
And I told him as soon
as it's published,
it's going smack dab in
the middle of my website.
I want it out all
over the world.
He is an extraordinary
human being.
>>REGINA: A very brave man.
>>PERRON: Very brave, very kind,
deeply intellectual but also
deeply emotional.
And he has been touched
in a way by this.
And keep in mind that
this was not directly.
Until last year, he never
had an encounter with an ET.
This was all cerebral.
>>REGINA: He knew about it
from a military point of view,
but he had not yet personally--
>>PERRON: He had not personally
had an encounter, and yet
because of his deep intellect
and his regard for those
who had disclosed, he has
decided to share what he knows.
And he won't share
all of it because he
feels that the world is
not prepared for all of it.
And I must agree with him.
But I'll tell you another thing.
I've been one that for
several years now--
Well, since I disclosed,
has been a little militant
in my approach.
I demand disclosure from
the federal government.
Like they're listening to me.
Well, turns out they
are listening to me,
and I'm glad for that.
I don't feel a
threat about that.
What I realized is that we
are the point of disclosure--
Paul, you, me, Paula Harris.
You know so many that have
had these experiences,
we are the point of disclosure
because the government can't.
>>REGINA: Not really.
>>PERRON: The government
can't, because they
know so much that it would
be too much for people.
Part of me says you don't
give us nearly enough credit
for our own intelligence.
And I get a little angry
about that sometimes.
>>REGINA: I do too.
>>PERRON: But there
are many, many people
on this planet, the mere
mortals that are not like us,
that it will blow minds.
And I'm afraid that it's
going to fracture belief
systems around the world.
And what I'm really afraid
of is that unnecessarily so,
this planet will
face mass suicide.
And it doesn't have
to be that way.
>>REGINA: Let's talk
about what you've
been shown, what
you have been told,
and also what the
anecdote to it is.
>>PERRON: I don't think
that there is an antidote.
I don't because I don't think
that what we're being fed
is poison.
I think that what we're
being fed is the truth,
and there shouldn't
be an antidote.
The truth is the
truth is the truth.
>>REGINA: No, an antidote to the
large picture-- our behavior,
whatever it is we need
to embrace that we
might be bucking right now.
I'm speaking more of what
is the antidote to that
that has been shown.
Let's just talk about
what's been shown
and then what the best
action reaction is.
>>PERRON: What I have
seen is that we women have
to take over the
world geopolitically,
not exopolitically-- There are
other powers at work here--
but geopolitically.
Women must assume power,
leadership roles in the world.
And I don't say that as the
radical feminist that I am.
>>REGINA: No, I've
heard this and seen
this come up in many places.
>>PERRON: Yes.
I had a vision--
it was not a dream.
It was a vision--
about a month ago
that was very, very powerful.
I spoke to you about my
paranormal partner George
Lopez.
He was somehow
involved with this.
I don't know how or why.
But I was sitting.
I laid down on the sofa.
I had worked for many hours that
day, but I didn't fall asleep.
Instead, I went into
an altered state
and suddenly I was right
back in my chair at the desk.
And my mom was in the kitchen
brewing a pot of coffee.
The door opened to our parlor.
And there was a
man that walked in.
I can tell you every line on
his face, the color of his eyes,
his hair, how he smelled.
I mean, he was right there.
And a woman walked in behind
him, kind of Peggy Lipton hair,
you know, from the Mod Squad?
Everything about her,
I recognized her,
I recognized him.
I don't know how.
I never met either one
of them in this realm.
He came over to me at the desk.
I turned around
in my desk chair.
I said, why are you here?
She went into the kitchen,
turned my mother around,
who had come,
heard a disruption,
came into the parlor.
She turned my mother around and
took her back into the kitchen.
He lifted me up out of the chair
by my shoulders very gently.
And he said, come
with me, Miss Perron.
I said, all right.
Where are we going?
He took me out the door.
In the interim, some very, very
heavy construction equipment
had pulled onto our
property, onto the grounds
of our property.
They were enclosing the
carport into a room.
They were building on another
room to the front of the house.
They were building on to
the back of the house.
I said, why are you here
and why is this happening?
And I was firm.
They were being kind to me.
I wasn't being unkind
to them, but I needed
to know what was happening.
And my concern was what was
going to happened to my mother.
And Christine was away at work.
And I said what about
my sister Christine?
He said she will not
be coming back here,
but she's being well
cared for and she's fine.
Your mother will
be well cared for.
I said what about the dogs?
My mother can't take care of
all these animals herself.
She needs help.
He said someone will be
here to take care of her.
They moved me from the
now enclosed carport.
And at first, I could hear
all this equipment around.
We only have a couple of acres.
It's not a huge
piece of property.
But I could hear
all this equipment
going on outside the house.
And a woman came up behind me.
And she led me into another
room into a darker spot.
She was dressed in a lab coat.
She had gloves on, plastic
gloves-- rubber gloves.
She asked me if I would
please turn a certain way
and stand facing the wall.
And before I knew it, her hands
had come up underneath my shirt
and her fingers were feeling
around in the pit of my arms.
And then she gave me a
thorough breast exam.
And then she undid my jeans
and checked the lymph nodes
in my crotch area.
>>REGINA: Groin, yeah?
>>PERRON: Yeah.
I knew she was a doctor.
I don't know how.
And I said, what
are you looking for?
And she said we're
here to protect you.
And I said, but I need to
know why are you doing this?
Your hands are all over my body.
Why are you doing this?
And I went to turn my
head to talk to her
and make direct eye
contact with her.
And I saw something coming at
me that looked like an EpiPen.
And I felt it inject
into the side of my neck.
When I woke up from
that, I was now
in a room that had been built
on to the back of the farmhouse.
There was no entrance
into the farmhouse.
I was laying on a sofa.
My computer had been moved.
My desk had been
moved out there.
My personal belongings
had been moved out there.
I was looking
around the property,
and there was a 20
foot high earthen wall
that had been built all
around compound style
around our property.
And I looked down and there was
a piece of electronic equipment
that looked like an old
fashioned cellphone.
You remember how big they were?
Only it was very thin.
And it had a screen.
I've never seen anything
like this before.
It had an HDTV screen in
it as well as a phone.
And I picked it up,
and I saw world panic.
I saw chaos.
And I looked at it,
and I'm staring at it,
and I'm holding it.
And then I start
dialing George's number.
Over, and over, and over, it
won't let me talk to George.
It won't let me reach George.
And I took it, and I
heaved it across the room.
And I came out of this
saying, I told you, George.
I told you.
I told you, George.
And that's how it ended.
And I don't know
what that message is,
but we don't have long.
I know that.
And I'm not saying
that to panic people.
>>REGINA: No, no.
Of course not.
>>PERRON: I'm not.
I don't want people
to be afraid.
I don't want them to be afraid.
I want them to wake up.
>>REGINA: So having in
my position, not just
interviewees, but I do a lot
of research behind the scenes
and I have a lot of contacts.
>>PERRON: I know you do.
>>REGINA: You know that.
And I know a lot
of people who are
well respected in the world
of intuition, and channeling,
and so forth.
And so I asked them
what do you see?
What do you see for the future?
And it there seems to be
this consensus of sorts
though it's never very
directly spoken about.
The stage you talked about is
what's never directly spoken
about, that we're
coming up to a time
where there's going
to be a great shift.
And many suppose that might
start with a huge shift
in the economies of the world.
That would create
panic, obviously.
>>PERRON: It's underway.
>>REGINA: It's underway, and
that it will become more severe
because an old system must
crumble before a new one can
be given birth to.
But again, it always
goes to the same point.
There will be some rough spots.
I mean that's as much
as anyone chooses
to reflect because it's not
something all that controllable
from our point of view.
But then after
that is when we see
a new type of experience for
humanity to be given birth to.
And no one knows the
timelines exactly.
Now, you got the timeline
that was something like what?
>>PERRON: We have
about five years left.
>>REGINA: Five years before
the panicky part, before we
should start seeing some chaos.
So I'm just saying from
many other points of view,
this is consistent.
This is a consistent
story, but no one ever
goes into details of it.
And there's no reason.
Why perpetuate that?
We need to focus on what
has true value, which
is people, family, sharing,
love, healthy food that we can
sustain and grow
on our own-- all
these very basic common
things are the things
we can very well
do for ourselves
and maybe not have such a
horrendous crossover period.
Tell me your thoughts on it?
>>PERRON: I think that there
are those, yourself among us,
that are already
going through it.
Many people who
are already going
through this shift,
this transition,
there are physical
symptoms that go along
with this-- sudden,
inexplicable headaches,
a feeling of the Earth
shifting underneath your feet.
>>REGINA: Oh, a lot of
strange, anomalous [INAUDIBLE].
>>PERRON: Very strange,
anomalous light.
I see sparkles coming
through my computer screen.
Nothing wrong with my Mac.
It's perfectly fine.
It doesn't happen to
anybody else that's
on the computer, just me.
I have some incredible--
and it's not just me.
It's part of the ascension--
incredible joint pain.
We are changing at
a subatomic level.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: This is
a molecular shift,
and it's happening with what
some people call the guides.
We are the ones that have
to go through this now
to help others go
through it later.
My job George said to
me the day I told him
that the third book
had been published,
he said, honey, it's just begun.
This isn't the end.
It's only the beginning.
And you've put your story out.
I'm so proud of you.
You've put it all out
there, but this really
is just the beginning.
Your job is much bigger.
And I perceive my job to be
helping others dispel the fear.
Because it is the fear that
will be the undoing of mankind.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And again, as
individuals, we have
to take some self
responsibility.
>>PERRON: That's right.
>>REGINA: We have chosen
to incarnate at this time.
We have chosen to go through
this experience together.
So we're all in it
together, literally.
>>PERRON: And we're gathering.
>>REGINA: It's not about
competition anymore.
It's about the
gathering of souls.
>>PERRON: Of the clan, yes.
>>REGINA: To usher
in what literally
will be a more, let's say,
maybe a little more gracious age
that's not so rife
with competition.
And I don't mean--
I'm not trying
to make it sound
like a utopia, but I
think we're heading toward
kinder more cohesive times
on governmental levels,
on economic levels,
on definitely connection
and spiritual levels.
>>PERRON: Yes, I find that
we've been coming together.
Well, I told you earlier,
when I met you, I knew you.
I knew you instantly.
I've known you forever.
I've known Paula forever.
I've known George forever.
I've had dozens and dozens
of people come into my life,
into my world, in
the last few years
that I feel quite
certain I have known
for at least a millennium.
It is what I call
birds of a feather
do tend to flock together.
We are the gathering
and many are here.
And I believe that we
have chosen to come back,
or we were assigned
to come back.
Based on how odd I
feel about being here,
I don't know if I
necessarily chose.
I think that this might
be my penance in some way.
But I do know that I had
something very important.
I felt special from
a very early age.
And because I was
always taught your ego,
check that at the door.
I mean, my mother is
a very humble soul
and she taught all of her
girls to be the same way.
But I knew it.
I just didn't know
what it meant,
and I don't know what
the outcome will be.
But I do feel
divinely protected.
I feel divinely inspired.
I think that each one of us
is a living manifestation
of God consciousness.
And our eyes are the way that
God sees the world, this world.
But I also know that I've
been to other worlds.
I have.
And I know that I can
fly, and I can float,
and I have gone off
planet many times.
I recall some places
that I've been
to that are so
beautiful, so beautiful,
literally cruising
into the atmosphere.
>>REGINA: And that's
a beautiful story
because in reality, as
souls each one of us,
we're not trapped in anything.
>>PERRON: No, we're not trapped.
>>REGINA: The soul has choices.
>>PERRON: This is an urn.
That's all it is.
>>REGINA: It's an
urn, and this is
one reality that we can play
out in and learn in, express in.
And it doesn't mean
it can't be one
of these other beautiful realms.
>>PERRON: That's right.
>>REGINA: No one's a prisoner.
>>PERRON: And they could be
happening simultaneously.
>>REGINA: We behave like
prisoners, but we're not.
>>PERRON: I didn't mean to
step all over you, but yes.
>>REGINA: That's true.
And they're all simultaneous.
>>PERRON: And do you
feel the light come?
Do you feel the brightness?
Because we're tapping into
something that is truth.
We're tapping into--
there is so much more.
Very soon, we are
all going to be
Dorothy stepping out of black
and white into Technicolor.
Here it comes.
Be prepared.
Be the light you see.
>>REGINA: And don't
freak out about the fact
that we're going to go through
a little chaos down the road
here.
>>PERRON: Be not afraid.
>>REGINA: Be not afraid.
>>REGINA: I have just
one final question.
Did this bring all of
you, your entire family,
into a sense of closeness
that could never be
understood by the rest of us?
>>PERRON: Yes, it did.
And even though we fight
like cats and dogs sometimes,
we'd defend each
other with our lives.
I adore my family.
And they likewise adore me.
We are very, very
distinct individuals.
There's nothing like about us.
The closest connection,
I would say,
would be between my
mother and myself.
But this was very cathartic.
It was extremely painful
to tell this story.
>>REGINA: Are they OK
with your doing this?
>>PERRON: Oh yes.
They helped me tremendously.
Christine was the one
that was most traumatized.
I didn't even realize that
until I was writing the books.
I lived with this woman,
and it took me three years
to get her stories from her.
Everything else
that was in the book
about her was secondhand
from Cindy, or Nancy,
or what I witnessed,
or whatever.
Finally, she broke down,
and she spilled it.
And then she said
that's it-- no more.
>>REGINA: No more.
And do you feel that all
of you are collectively
healing from this?
And beyond?
I mean, you understand--
>>PERRON: Yes, I do.
I do.
And it's a blessed,
wonderful thing.
See, what we had to
come to terms with
was that this was a blessing.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: If it was a curse,
it was likewise a blessing.
And that's why my mother
titled the books "House
of Darkness, House of Light."
It was both.
>>REGINA: Andrea, I mean, this
has been an incredible three
hours with you.
And this won't be edited.
And I want to thank you
so much, and your family,
and your mother, your
sisters, and everyone
for having the courage
to share this story
and show us the
depth of possibility
even in what looks
like the darkest stuff.
Thank you.
>>PERRON: There is light.
>>REGINA: There is
light, absolutely.
At the end, at the
bottom, always light.
>>PERRON: Always.
>>REGINA: Again, for the full
details of these experiences,
you can find all three
volumes of "House
of Darkness, House of
Light" on amazon.com
and other major booksellers.
Also if you were
intrigued with this topic,
you might also enjoy my
interview with Anne Andrews
and what her family
went through.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.